welcome to in five minutes the agenda of
this clip is to understand how to make a
two input CMOS NAND in different styles
we have seen in the previous clip for
CMOS inverter and we also saw how an
inverter can be implemented in different
styles of logic here we'll start with
the static CMOS style first thing we saw
an inverter when we wanted to implement
a static CMOS circuit was that we need
to write down the expression and the
truth table and two input nor gate i'll
show you how to make a static CMOS
circuit using the truth table but here i
want to teach you a shortcut trick the
shorter trick is whatever expression is
given to us here in this case y equal to
a be the whole bar hide the bag whatever
is underneath the bar in this case it's
a and B whatever is underneath the bar
that is nothing but Apple down circuit
or a combination of n Mo's transistors
which will be used to be put as a
pulldown network so here under the bar
is nothing but a and B so my pulldown
network comprises of a one transistor
for one input in series with be the
trick here is if this is my pulldown
network my pull-up network will always
be a complement of pulldown network
which means for pulldown network if I
have connected a and B in CDs for pull
up network my a and B will be connected
in parallel and my pull-up is nothing
but my P Mo's so this is a parallel to B
and you have seen that the output is
taken from pull-up and pull-down network
together and this is nothing but my via
if you put the truth table values for a
and B you will see that it satisfies the
truth table and this is nothing but a
two input static CMOS NAND as i
mentioned i will show you how to make
the same circuit using the truth table
but i will show you with nor remember
the shortcut trick hide the bar whatever
is underneath the bar that's your
pulldown network complementary to that
is your pull-up network and that
completes my static CMOS type let's go
ahead let's make a two input NAND gate
using
euro n Mo's here I have shown you the
static CMOS NAND again for your
reference and this is nothing but my
zero style general representation we
know that the pulldown remains the same
so let's quickly draw the pull down for
a zero two input NAND so this is I beg
your pardon it's not a FEMA's it's an N
Mo's so this is my input a same like
static CMOS input be rounded the pull-up
will not be like static CMOS it will be
replaced by a single p MOS transistor so
let's quickly draw that single p MOS
with its Kate grounded the gate is
grounded and the output is taken between
the P Mo's and the pulldown circuit so
this is my output V out and this is VDD
so this is nothing but my two input NAND
gate in zero and more style again you
can verify the truth table let's go
ahead and quickly do a two input NAND
gate using dynamic style and dynamics
channel again we saw that the enfance
will remain same like static so let's
first draw the infect object of static
CMOS again that is transistor a in
series with transistor be you also saw
that that has to be a photo transistor
which is nothing but a P Mo's let's do
that P Mo's transistor I beg your pardon
a header transistor which is nothing but
a peat moss and the photo transistor
which is nothing but an N moss and both
of them needs to be shorted and given a
signal called as Phi this n moss will be
connected in series with the enfant
logic and this p moss will be connected
to the pulldown circuit logic so this is
what I'm talking about and this is
nothing but might be out this is VDD and
this is ground this is nothing but my
two input NAND gate in dynamic style you
can verify the truth table just remember
that whenever we are drawing a dynamic
style we should always represent a
capacitor and output in the general
style also that it needs to be a
capacitor we need to be represented so
that completes the two input NAND gate
in dynamic style let's quickly board and
do
NAND gate in C square moss or clock CMOS
logic here we saw that the static
circuit will be replicated 4p fetes and
also for n fits with an additional two
transistors so let's quickly do that so
my pull-up will have to pee mosses for
sure in addition to this it will be a p
moss which will be connected in series
this is nothing but this peat moss for a
pulldown circuit again we'll have the
same style what we have it for static so
a in series with B this is my infant
logic which is entirely in series with
another n MOS transistor which is
nothing but my file and this is nothing
but my Phi bar and this is a and B so
this needs to be connected in series to
this both my P Mo's m1 and m2 are
connected and in between that the output
would be taken so this is connected and
this is my out would be out and this is
nothing but ground again you can verify
it with the truth table this is nothing
but a C square most logic in summary we
drew the static to input CMOS NAND they
replace the pull-up network with a PMO's
transistor it was grounded which was
nothing but y0 and moss we replace the
grounded p MOS transistor with a header
transistor connected to phi and a
phototransistor n Mo's also connected to
phi and in between we substituted their
inmost Rajic circuitry and we got the
dynamic circuit and we also saw the c
square most erotic circuit hope your
followed two input NAND gate and its
representation in different styles stay
tuned for further cliffs thank you very
much